# GitHub Webhook Event Tracker

This project is a Flask-based application that listens to GitHub webhook events—specifically push, pull request, and merge events from a repo called action-repo. It stores this data in a local MongoDB instance and displays the latest events through a simple web interface.

## Features

- Listens to GitHub webhook events (push, pull request, merge)
- Stores events in a local MongoDB database
- Shows timestamps in Indian Standard Time (IST)
- Automatically updates the frontend every 15 seconds
- Can be exposed to the internet using ngrok

## Project Structure
webhook-repo/
│
├── templates/
│ └── index.html # Frontend UI
├── listening_to_webhook.py # Flask server
├── .gitignore # Files to exclude from version control
├── README.md # Project documentation
└── screenshots/
└── webhook-ui.png # screenshot of the frontend
## How to Run Locally
1. Clone the repository:git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/webhook-repo.git
cd webhook-repo

2. Install required Python packages:
pip install flask pymongo

3. Make sure MongoDB is running locally. The app connects to `mongodb://localhost:27017/` by default.

4. Start the Flask server:python listening_to_webhook.py
5.  In a new terminal window, start ngrok to expose your local server:ngrok http 5000
6.  Copy the HTTPS URL generated by ngrok and set it as your action-repo GitHub webhook endpoint through settings. Be sure to add `/webhook` at the end of the URL.

## Setting Up the Webhook in GitHub

1. Go to your GitHub repository(action-repo).
2. Navigate to Settings > Webhooks.
3. Click "Add webhook".
4. Paste your ngrok URL with `/webhook` (e.g., `https://abcd1234.ngrok.io/webhook`).
5. Set content type to `application/json`.
6. Select the events you want (e.g., push and pull requests).



